My entry into the software engineering could best be described as accidental. This is not to say that I don't want to be in this field, or that I don't have a passion for utilizing computers to solve problems, but that the route I took was probably not that of your typical Computer Science student.

During high school, I was a bright but terrible student. I can't recall what I put my effort in, but it certainly wasn't anything in the relam of academics. I despised science, math, but most of all, computers. I can remember taking typing classes that taught how to properly use the QWERTY keyboard, as opposed to "pecking" with your two index fingers. I couldn't stand it. It was monotonous and dry, and I felt as though I had better things to do with my time. 

Fast-forward a few years, and after a botched first attempt at college, I found myself in the Navy. When you step into the recruiter's office and get serious about joining, they will hand you what is known as a "dream sheet." This is where you can list what type of work environment you would prefer, and where in the world you would like to be stationed. I can still vividly remember putting zero out of ten interest in the "Working with computers" field, and ten out of ten on "Working outdoors." The Navy took these preferences into full consideration when I was placed in the "Submarine Electronics and Computers" field, where I would spend weeks on end in a steel tube, surrounded by what I thought were my sworn enemies, computers!


Once in the field, I quickly found a passion I never new I had. When I was on duty, my nose would be burried in tech manuals, trying to understand how mesages I typed on Panasonic Toughbook were transformed into machine-code, then electrical signals that were shot out of an antenna to a multi-million dollar satellite, which then sent it to some recipient half-way across the world, where the process was reversed! Amazing, right? I would type away, thinking I was basically the next Alan Turing for knowing how to ping my computer's home address. With all of this new found knowledge, many crises were averted, and about equally as many created. My calling was found.


After following this strange and sometimes ironic path, I find myself at the University of Hawaii Information and Computer Science program. Upon completion, I hope to fulfill a role in an organization in the scientific community, where I can continue to feed my curiosity, and contribute to future innovations in science, technology, and engineering.
